One key operation needed
to find a matching word in
the previous video was finding
the k nearest
neighbors of a vector.
We will focus on this operation
in the next few videos,
as it's a basic building block
for many NLP techniques.
Notice that a transform or the
vector after the transformation,
if it's embedding
through an R matrix,
would be in the French
word vector space.
But it is not going to
be necessarily identical
to any of the word vectors
in the French word vector space.
You need to search through
the actual French
word vectors to find
a French word that is similar to
the one that you created
from the transformation.
You may find words
such as salut or
bonjour which you can return
as the French translation
of the word hello.
So the question is,
how do you find
similar word vectors?
To understand how to find
similar word vectors,
let's look at a
related question.
How do you find your friends
who are living nearby?
Let's pretend that you are
visiting San Francisco in
the United States and
you're visiting your
dear friend Andrew.
You also want to visit
your other friends
over the weekend,
preferably those
who live nearby.
One way to do this is to go
through your address book,
and for each friend,
get their address,
calculate how far they
are from San Francisco.
One friend is in Shanghai,
the other friend
is in Bangalore,
and another friend
is in Los Angeles.
You can sort your friends by
their distances
to San Francisco,
then rank them by
how close they are.
Notice that if you
have a lot of friends,
which I'm sure you do,
this is a very time
intensive process.
Is there a more efficient
way to do this?
Notice that two of these friends
live in another continent,
while the third friend
lives in the United States.
Could you have just searched for
a subset of friends who
live in the United States.
You might have realized
that it may not have
been necessary to
go through all of
your friends in your address in
order to find the
ones closest to you.
You might have imagined
if you somehow could
filter on which
friends were all in
a general region such
as North America,
then you could just search
within that subgroup of friends.
If there is a way to slice up
the geographic
space into regions,
you could search just
within those regions.
When you think about organizing
subsets of a data-set
efficiently,
you may think about placing
your data into buckets.
If you think about buckets,
then you'll definitely want
to think about hash tables.
Hash tables are useful tools
for any kind of work
involving data.
You'll learn about
hash tables next.
In this video, I showed you
how using K-nearest neighbors,
you could translate a word
even if it's transformation
doesn't exactly match the word
embedding in the
desired language.
I introduced you to hash tables,
a useful data structure
that you will learn
about in the next video.
Great. Now you are ready
to learn about hashing.
This is an effective technique
that would allow you to look up
queries in a much faster way
than simple linear search.